README.md, before:

# vQueue - Group finder utility for Vanilla Wow

### v1.2.8

- Added delete button to list of hosted groups


### v1.2.7b

- Fixed some reports: #15, #16, #17 

### v1.2.7a

- Fixed some spellings by @Hengstenberg
- added some words for dangeon matching on deDE thx @Hengstenberg

### v1.2.7

- Added deDE locale by @Hengstenberg
- some small positional fixes
- reworked categories list

### v1.2.6
- Added multy dangeon notification, just add as more as you wish

### v1.2.5a

- minor ruRU locale fixes
- fix for #6

### v1.2.5

- Added localization feature & ruRU locale by @Lichery, feel free to make other locales 
- some small positional fixes
- fix for #2
- Updated libs

### v1.2.4

- Added "Notify about group" function by SVEN
- Added square minimap support

### v1.2.3

- Fixed many errors
- Added Hazar's improvements
- Improved Start New Group dialog
- some minor improvements
- fixed "LFM DEM"

### v1.2
 * rewrote frame creation for groups, categories, and the wait list should be lest wasteful and load quicker
 * vQueue will now only hide chat messages that are used (if the option selected)
 * indicator on minimap button when a new player joins your wait list
 * tooltip on minimap to show player count in wait list
 * rewrote the scrollbars to work better
 * arguments added to the chat search list
 * added indicator to show selected category in the category list
 * new button design to match the frame colors
 * shows minlvl and needed roles under the category title when hosting a group
 * all roles will be selected by default when creating a new group
 * role selection now uses check marks instead of just changing colors
 * can now reply to players through the UI even if you are in a group
 * fixed a bug where WHO info was not coming to the wait list
 * changed the default group finder title to include min lvl
 * moved find checkbox to options menu
 * changed "create group" to "Start new group"
 * added overlay to hide the wait list while editing group info
 * changed text fields to match new style
 * difficulty colors on category listings
 * category title now includes minimum level
 * categories are now always expanded
 * fixed a bad argument error


Some pictures showing what vQueue does:

![Alt text](http://i.imgur.com/Empnf6k.png)
![Alt text](http://i.imgur.com/m2JHw5L.png)

Commit message:

v1.2.9
- Added ban leader messages in hostlist for 5 min if you close them

README.md, after:

# vQueue - Group finder utility for Vanilla Wow

### v1.2.9

- Added close window by ESC
- Added ban leader messages in hostlist for 5 min if you close them

### v1.2.8

- Added delete button to list of hosted groups


### v1.2.7b

- Fixed some reports: #15, #16, #17 

### v1.2.7a

- Fixed some spellings by @Hengstenberg
- added some words for dangeon matching on deDE thx @Hengstenberg

### v1.2.7

- Added deDE locale by @Hengstenberg
- some small positional fixes
- reworked categories list

### v1.2.6
- Added multy dangeon notification, just add as more as you wish

### v1.2.5a

- minor ruRU locale fixes
- fix for #6

### v1.2.5

- Added localization feature & ruRU locale by @Lichery, feel free to make other locales 
- some small positional fixes
- fix for #2
- Updated libs

### v1.2.4

- Added "Notify about group" function by SVEN
- Added square minimap support

### v1.2.3

- Fixed many errors
- Added Hazar's improvements
- Improved Start New Group dialog
- some minor improvements
- fixed "LFM DEM"

### v1.2
 * rewrote frame creation for groups, categories, and the wait list should be lest wasteful and load quicker
 * vQueue will now only hide chat messages that are used (if the option selected)
 * indicator on minimap button when a new player joins your wait list
 * tooltip on minimap to show player count in wait list
 * rewrote the scrollbars to work better
 * arguments added to the chat search list
 * added indicator to show selected category in the category list
 * new button design to match the frame colors
 * shows minlvl and needed roles under the category title when hosting a group
 * all roles will be selected by default when creating a new group
 * role selection now uses check marks instead of just changing colors
 * can now reply to players through the UI even if you are in a group
 * fixed a bug where WHO info was not coming to the wait list
 * changed the default group finder title to include min lvl
 * moved find checkbox to options menu
 * changed "create group" to "Start new group"
 * added overlay to hide the wait list while editing group info
 * changed text fields to match new style
 * difficulty colors on category listings
 * category title now includes minimum level
 * categories are now always expanded
 * fixed a bad argument error


Some pictures showing what vQueue does:

![Alt text](http://i.imgur.com/Empnf6k.png)
![Alt text](http://i.imgur.com/m2JHw5L.png)
